Okay.
So in this lesson, what I'd like to do is to add an image on the right hand side here, just so that
we don't have this empty block of white space on the right hand side of the screen.
We're just going to add a single static image here, and it's going to be the View logo.
The official Google Careers website actually has a changing image here, and we could implement it,
but it'd be the exact same idea that we have previously done with our text right here.
So I'm just going to stick a single image right here.
So let me go ahead and head back to VS Code.
In the previous lesson, I gave you a URL that you can use to provide the source for our image tag the
we're about to add.
So let's open up our hero dot view component.
So here I got view.
As a reminder, here we have our access grid set up and the way our grid is made up is we have one column
out of 12, then a chunk that occupies five columns out of 12, then another chunk that occupies another
five elements or five columns out of 12.
And then finally, the last div is just one column out of 12.
And these are divs at the very beginning and at the very end are just a little bit of space between
the edges of the screen.
These two sections of five columns each are really the primary focal points.
So in the very first one, we have our form and our headline.
And then the second one is where I want to render my image.
So right here I'm going to use my image tag and of course I need to provide the source and I'm going
to copy this source URL from another screen.
And here we go.
There we go.
And then I want to apply a couple tailwind styles right here.
So I'm going to do my class here.
I'm going to do W 80.
That is going to set a width of 320 pixels and I'll do a similar height, class H for height and 80
and 320 pixels.
So I've now created this box of 320 pixels by 320 pixels, but that doesn't mean that our source image
is going to fit within those confines, within those dimensions.
In order to make it fit, I can apply another class called Object Contain, but that is going to do,
as you can see in the right hand documentation is it's going to apply the object fit property with a
value of contain.
And what that does is it resizes the elements content or in other words the picture to fit those dimensions
to fit that width and height.
All right.
So let's save this and see what we have in the browser.
It's not going to be perfect just yet.
So here we have our image being rendered and it's looking fine and looking just the right size.
However, it is a little bit off because obviously it's kind of still enabling this white space over
here.
I'd really like to be able to center this image amongst it's five columns in the grid.
So let's just show you where we are right now.
If I go inside, my main content in my section here is my grid and we can see the 12 columns laid out
in the screen.
We can actually see where the top left edge of my view logo begins is the start of the first column.
So it stretches across two columns, but we still have those three additional columns that are that
section of the grid.
And what I'd really like to do is to center it both horizontally and vertically in those five columns
belonging to my 12 column grid.
And in order to do that, we have to apply some help to the asset classes from Tailwind onto our DIV
that's actually creating that collection of five columns in the grid.
So back in verse code right here on this div that is holding our image element, I'm going to add two
more classes.
One is going to be self center and that is going to apply the aligned self properties set to center
and the other one is going to be justify self center and that is going to apply the justified self property
set to center.
So these are more complex properties directly available to grid children within a grid.
And basically what they do is center the element on both the column axis and the row axis within its
respective column chunk of the larger grid.
So basically, if we apply these two classes, we're going to be able to center the image within this
section of the grid.
So if I save this and head back to the page.
All right.
We even saw that change instantaneously.
This is looking a lot better.
Looks a little cleaner, looks pretty good to me, although I do not come from a design background.
It looks nice and clean and if I open up my view devtools we can see the component being rendered here.
In fact, there is no actual components.
We can only look in the elements.
My mistake right there, if we go into the main section here is our div.
Here we have a top level grid and we can see how now the view image is aligned horizontally and vertically
centered in the confines of that five column section of the grid.
And here is the actual image itself.
Perfect.
So that is looking nice.
That was just a little aesthetic touch to add to make sure the screen is not too boring, but things
are looking pretty good.
Our headlines looking great.
Our prompt is looking good.
Our form is functional working.
So we've made a lot of progress and I will see you in the next lesson.